HW2

1. What I did:
I created a google homepage using html/css. 

Heroku page: http://morning-dusk-1532.herokuapp.com/

2. Problems I had
Had problem creating footer and navigation bar.

3. How to solve it
Used the check element on the browsers to find styling information.


Project ideas:

1. What does the fox say

People post a recording of making animal sound. It could be searched by tags and people can vote for the best recordings.


2. My roommate is _____

People anonymously post something they want to say about their roommates. Image, video and audio all welcomed. 
Contents could be searched by tags, and people can comment and like/dislike it.

3. Accent 101

People choose their hometown, and then tell a story about their hometown, childhood and etc and upload the recording. 
Non-english speaker can also speak in native language and submitted a translation.




-------------------------------------------------------------------
HW1

1. Set up ruby, rails, git and Heroku

2. Set up a new rails app

3. Update Gemfile to run postgresql in production, but sqlite in development

4. Add a home page and write your name in the html file

5. Store code on Github

6. Deploy it to Heroku

7. Update README on Github to include: link to Heroku page, what you did, and any issues you had (and how you solved them)


Heroku Page:
http://morning-dusk-1532.herokuapp.com/

Problem Encountered:

1. Error after changed the routes.rb file, found solution here :
https://www.ruby-forum.com/topic/3125380


